Unit 9

Module 1
Your Answer: Fruits
Your Answer: Pavithra and Pallavi might meet each other at a beach, by chance.
Your Answer: a project manager
Correct Answer: Jasmine|Sunflower|Lily|Rose
Your Answer: Keerthana

Module 2
Your Answer: May I
Your Answer: Do you prefer
Your Answer: Do you like chocolate cake?
Your Answer: Can I get you some cookies and a glass of cold water?
Your Answer: Would you like to eat this veg burger?

Module 3
Your Answer: Neema: This is a very important machine in chocolate-making. Seema: What does it do? Neema: It makes sure that the chocolate doesn’t cool down too fast.
Your Answer: Reena: Which one is Meena’s car? Sammy: Meena’s car is the red one.
Your Answer: You must study math daily.
Your Answer: It is right next to the mall.
Your Answer: Mani is not able to finish her homework. She asks her sister Naina for help, but Naina is too busy. Her friend Shravan is very good at teaching. Mani: So who can help me out? Naina: Ask my friend, Shravan. He’s the tall one, over there. Mani: Thank you.

Module 4
Your Answer: Thara: Would you like to come to the music show today? Mala: I would love to come. . Thara: Awesome! Mala: At what time is the show starting? Thara: 7.00 PM. Mala: Okay then. We will take a cab from here.
Your Answer: Veena: Do you want to come to the library with me? Prem: Okay. When are you planning to go? Veena: I was thinking of going in the afternoon.
Your Answer: Shrinika: Are you attending the Company’s annual party? Rohit: I am afraid I can’t. I have my brother’s graduation on that day. Shrinika: Oh, no! On the same day? Lakshman is going to be really angry. Rohit: I think so.
Your Answer: Thanks for the invitation. I’ll be there for sure.
Your Answer: Thank you for calling me but I am afraid I have my dance class on that day. I’ll join you next time.

Module 5

Your Answer: Finding a new pet without planning it
Your Answer: Laila
Your Answer: Ajay
Your Answer: There’s a dog called Snowy in her favourite comic book.
Your Answer: He doesn’t think it’s interesting to call a white dog ‘Snowy.’

Module 6
Your Answer: Shake the bottle
Your Answer: Before having food
Your Answer: let children near the bottle of medicine.
Your Answer: 11/2021
Your Answer: 10 ml

Module 7
Your Answer: It would be great if you could give me some more information about the project.
Your Answer: I am writing to know more about the project XYZ.
Your Answer: I am writing to let you know about the ABC project that the client has sent us this morning. Priya will be taking care of the project and she will start working on it today. Please let me know if you have any questions. Best regards, Suganthi
Your Answer: All the given options
Your Answer: Hi Savitha, Let me clear your doubt about the project. Our client has requested us to submit the project in two weeks. Hence you will have to plan a new schedule. You can ask Naveen and Supriya to help you. Please do let me know if you need any further information. . Best regards, Sumith

Module 8
Your Answer: clauses
Your Answer: And
Your Answer: I like pizzas and apples, but apples are better for your health.
Your Answer: but
Your Answer: Because

Module 9
Your Answer: across
Correct Answer: The black frame is placed between the flowers.
Your Answer: Kavya: Ryan, I can’t find my laptop. Do you know where it is? Ryan: I think I saw it lying on the table. Kavya: Which table? Ryan: The table that is between the bed and the cupboard. Kavya: Oh!!! I thought I left it among my office stuff on the table. Let me go check.
Your Answer: This wonderful castle was built in the early 80s. The castle is surrounded by gardens on all sides. A beautiful pond lies between the garden and the main house. When you go across the garden, you can see the top of the mountain. It’s a pleasant thing to see. You can enter the castle through three doors. One is the main gate, which is large; there’s one more gate on each of the two sides of the castle.
Your Answer: The clock is among the picture frame, the lights, the TV and other things. The TV is fixed against the wall. The floor lamp is between the TV table and the chair.

Module 10
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Onion
Your Answer: Beans
Your Answer: Garlic
Your Answer: Beetroot
Correct Answer: Peas
Your Answer: Carrot
Your Answer: Tomato
Your Answer: Chilli
Your Answer: Ginger
Your Answer: Cabbage
Your Answer: Potato

Module 11
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Brinjal
Your Answer: Cucumber
Your Answer: Sweet potato
Your Answer: Capsicum
Your Answer: Spinach
Your Answer: Corn
Your Answer: Pumpkin
Your Answer: Ladies' fingers
Your Answer: Radish
Your Answer: Cauliflower

Module 12
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Ice cream
Your Answer: Custard
Your Answer: Biscuits
Your Answer: Chocolates
Your Answer: Cake
Your Answer: Lollipop
Your Answer: Cupcake
Your Answer: Fruit salad
Your Answer: Cotton candy

Module 13
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Cereal
Your Answer: Peanuts
Your Answer: Honey
Your Answer: Burger
Your Answer: Rice
Your Answer: Toast
Your Answer: Sandwich
Your Answer: Jam
Your Answer: Noodles
Your Answer: Eggs
Your Answer: Omelette
Your Answer: Yoghurt

Module 14
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Bridge
Your Answer: Petro bunk
Your Answer: Market
Your Answer: Street
Your Answer: Roundabout
Your Answer: Airport
Your Answer: Car park
Your Answer: Park
Your Answer: Bus stop
Your Answer: Playground

Module 15
Your Answer: Neema: This is a very important machine in chocolate-making. Seema: What does it do? Neema: It makes sure that the chocolate doesn’t cool down too fast.
Your Answer: Reena: Which one is Meena’s car? Sammy: Meena’s car is the red one.
Your Answer: You must study math daily.
Your Answer: It is right next to the mall.
Your Answer: Mani is not able to finish her homework. She asks her sister Naina for help, but Naina is too busy. Her friend Shravan is very good at teaching. Mani: So who can help me out? Naina: Ask my friend, Shravan. He’s the tall one, over there. Mani: Thank you.

