

Unit 10

Module 1
Your Answer: The changes in the location of office rooms
Your Answer: fourth
Your Answer: 23 January

Module 2
Your Answer: To finish the weekly work form before the meeting
Your Answer: 3:00
Your Answer: 15

Module 3
Your Answer: The missing reports
Your Answer: 35
Your Answer: 3

Module 4
Your Answer: Do you have the same shirt, but with red dots?
Your Answer: Meera: I want to buy bedsheets. . Where will I find them? Salesperson: You will find the bedsheets in the next section of the store, ma’am. Meera: Thank you.
Your Answer: Could you give me two bottles of cough syrup?
Your Answer: Aswin: I’m looking for a board game that 10-year-old kids can play. Salesperson: This one is something children in the 8-12 age group will like, sir. Aswin: How much does it cost? Salesperson: The MRP is 820 rupees. But there’s a 10% discount on all board games this week, so it will cost you around 740 rupees. Aswin: All right. I’ll take two of these.
Your Answer: Could you give me the bill, please?
 - voice -

Module 5
Your Answer: All of the given options
Your Answer: What is the price of this?
Your Answer: What is the price of this ball?
Your Answer: How much does this watermelon cost?

Module 6
Your Answer: What was it like?
Your Answer: Anna: Where did this happen?
Your Answer: What was interesting about the event?
Your Answer: Maria: Who came to the event?
Rina: Oh! Everyone we know was there!
Your Answer: Was it crowded?

Module 7
Your Answer: The sale happening at VKS Hall
Your Answer: Fashion Show
Your Answer: The money which is collected will be used to help the artists.
Your Answer: 26th February
Your Answer: Books

Module 8
Your Answer: False
Your Answer: soups
Your Answer: Rs. 240
Your Answer: 11.30 AM to 11.30 PM
Your Answer: more than

Module 9
Your Answer: Music awards
Your Answer: Naveen
Correct Answer: Youngest music director to get the music awards
Your Answer: The Complete Indian Musician
Your Answer: Unusual

Module 10
Your Answer: I have an M.Sc. in Physics from T.M. University.
Your Answer: I used to work at Govt. Arts and Science College.
Your Answer: I have a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from Golden State University.
Your Answer: I have an M.A. in French from M.G. College.
Correct Answer: I have an M.A. in English. I studied at the Govt. Arts College. After completing my studies, I used to worked as a teacher at Seven Star School.

Module 11
Your Answer: Can I get
Your Answer: Can we go to the beach?
Your Answer: can you open
Your Answer: can you tell
Your Answer: Can you watch

Module 12
Your Answer: My friends Nuha and Meera are going to the mall this Sunday.
Your Answer: My uncle lives in Kolkata.
Your Answer: Her birthday is on July 24th, but that’s a tuesday. It is a working Day.
Your Answer: My house is near Rajaji Theatre.
Your Answer: My dog went missing last Week. She is called sparky. If you find her, please let me know.

Module 13
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Paper
Your Answer: Textbook
Your Answer: Exam
Your Answer: Blackboard
Your Answer: Diploma
Your Answer: Pupil
Your Answer: Timetable
Your Answer: Marks

Module 14
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Grass
Your Answer: Plant
Your Answer: Flowers
Your Answer: Leaf
Your Answer: Fountain
Your Answer: Swing
Your Answer: Bench
Your Answer: Seesaw
Your Answer: Slide

Module 15
Your Answer: The last over
Your Answer: 23
Your Answer: 17