Unit 8

Module 1
Your Answer: She was supposed to meet Priya.
Your Answer: watching
Your Answer: Being late.
Your Answer: To the bookstore
Your Answer: Hour and a half

Module 2
Your Answer: Tips on travelling
Your Answer: Book a place to stay.
Your Answer: Local roadside shops
Your Answer: Take public transport and eat in local restaurants.
Your Answer: I worry about everything	

Module 3
Your Answer: Yes
VOICE

Module 4
Correct Answer: Where you are from|About your family
Correct Answer: I was born and brought up in Jaipur.
Your Answer: My parents are both retired.
Your Answer: When I was in college, I won the gold medal for the 100 metres swimming competition.
Your Answer: I finished my …

Module 5
Your Answer: Smirthi: Hi Sneha. I bought a new cycle for my kid. I have sent the image to you. It looks just like the one that you used to have. Sneha: Oh my God! Are you saying that those cycles are still available? Smirthi: Yes, Sneha. They still have them. Back then, we used to have very few options. But these kids have too many options. I am so happy that my kid liked this one. Sneha: I really want to see them Smirthi. I miss my cycle. Remember the race that we had? Smirthi: I wouldn’t ever forget that race. The best day of our childhood. Sneha: It was. Wasn’t it?
Your Answer: Asha: Do you remember how Nivedha always liked it when her room was clean ? Vaish: Haha. Yes, I do. I never used to wipe my table. She would get really angry . Asha: Yeah, I remember the day the room was a total mess and she cleaned it without even asking for help. Vaish: That was what I was waiting for.
Your Answer: When Sheela came across her Physics book today, she remembered how afraid she was of her teacher. Sheela never understood how her friends used to talk so much during the Physics class. She would never say a word.


Module 6
Your Answer: I love Shahrukh Khan. He is strong , tall and good-looking . He has many followers on Instagram. He keeps posting pictures of his family or new movie details every now and then. I wait for any new posts from his account to see what he is up to. He is such a famous celebrity.
Your Answer: My manager is a nice, hard-working person. His name is Vishal. Mr. Vishal is very understanding and calm. He is also very intelligent and smart.
Your Answer: Ritika: Hey, where did you go? You look really happy. Aditya: Hi! I went to see the girl I met on Facebook. Ritika: Wow! So, how was she? Aditya: She is very beautiful and smart. She’s very loud and funny too. Ritika: ha ha, so what’s next? Aditya: I like her; let's see how it goes!

Module 7
Your Answer: The ways in which swimming can make life better
Your Answer: All of the options.
Your Answer: To start swimming
Your Answer: 3 times a week
Your Answer: Pools change the temperature of the water during winter.

Module 8
Your Answer: To share her thoughts, feelings and wishes on hearing Nainika’s news.
Your Answer: I prayed that you would get selected.
Your Answer: So that she can study in London later.
Your Answer: Not mentioned
Your Answer: She is starting something new in her life.

Module 9
Your Answer: False
Your Answer: To know exactly who your audience is going to be.
Your Answer: k, you leave b4 me, I'm gonna go to college late today.
Your Answer: Introductory
Your Answer: hey

Module 10
Your Answer: How about we meet at 7 PM?
Your Answer: Join me for lunch at Nasi restaurant, on the 27th at 1 PM.
Your Answer: Cheers,
Your Answer: Hello Nithya, How are you? I have been busy. I would like to invite you for dinner at my house on the 20th. Can’t wait to see you! Love, Zina
Your Answer: How are you doing?

Module 11
Your Answer: quickly
Your Answer: badly
Your Answer: loudly
Your Answer: quietly
Your Answer: quietly
Your Answer: angrily
Your Answer: After the verb
Your Answer: The dog ran fast.
Your Answer: She gently woke up the cat.
Your Answer: Happily
Your Answer: quickly
Your Answer: Ravi coughed loudly to get our attention.
Your Answer: safely
Your Answer: loudly

Module 12
Your Answer: Maybe
Your Answer: Perhaps
Your Answer: certainly
Your Answer: possibly
Your Answer: probably
Your Answer: placed before
Correct Answer: Our tour guide clearly did not know about the history of the caves.
Your Answer: of course
Your Answer: If you prepare well for your exams, you will definitely pass without much difficulty.
Your Answer: 3
Your Answer: All the other options
Your Answer: probably

Module 13
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Raisins
Your Answer: Lychee
Your Answer: Avocado
Your Answer: Gooseberry
Your Answer: Banana
Your Answer: Lemon
Your Answer: Guava
Your Answer: Plum
Your Answer: Strawberry

Module 14
Your Answer: Yes
Your Answer: Mango
Your Answer: Dates
Your Answer: Grapes
Your Answer: Pineapple
Your Answer: Orange
Your Answer: Papaya
Your Answer: Apple
Your Answer: Pear
Your Answer: Watermelon
Your Answer: Pomegranate

Module 15

Your Answer: Because she didn’t come to Sana’s wedding.
Your Answer: Diya saw Farah’s Instagram pictures of her at a party.
Your Answer: She was annoyed by the questions her relatives keep asking her.
Your Answer: She had to travel for an hour.
Your Answer: Farah meant that she will come to the weddings or parties of immediate family.